README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Raf</h1>
<h3 align="center">Nerds wanna buy from nerds</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=rafskov&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="rafskov" /> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on automating whatever I can with Python, Copilot agent in IDE, and mcp. Examples:
- [] Finding net new prospects
- [] Account management reporting
- [] Answering client questions
- [] Post call feedback 


- 🌱 I’m currently using **AppScript, Copoliot agent mode in VS Code**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **lead gen for founders & searchers looking to connect with small business owners looking to sell**

- 💬 Ask me about **how to sell a technical product and drive consumption**

- 📫 How to reach me **rskovron@gmail.com**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/microsoft_azure/microsoft_azure-icon.svg" alt="azure" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://bulma.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gilbarbara/logos/804dc257b59e144eaca5bc6ffd16949752c6f789/logos/bulma.svg" alt="bulma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flask.palletsprojects.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pocoo_flask/pocoo_flask-icon.svg" alt="flask" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://redis.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redis/redis-original-wordmark.svg" alt="redis" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.selenium.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/detain/svg-logos/780f25886640cef088af994181646db2f6b1a3f8/svg/selenium-logo.svg" alt="selenium" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.sqlite.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/sqlite/sqlite-icon.svg" alt="sqlite" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=rafskov&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="rafskov" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=rafskov&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="rafskov" /></p>

Commit message:

Revise project details and tools in README
Updated current projects and tools in README.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Raf</h1>
<h3 align="center">Nerds wanna buy from nerds</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=rafskov&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="rafskov" /> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on automating whatever I can with Python, Apify, Make.com, Copilot coding agent, various LLMs.

- I maintain a site [here](rafskovroncpa.netlify.app)
- I trade options and [built a tool](callscore.app) to help me vet trades. I do mostly credit spreads. I'm up 8k this year!
- My resume is basically my [LinkedIn](linkedin.com/in/rafskovron)


- 🌱 I’m currently using **GitHub tools like Coding Agent, VS Code and playing with agentic browsers like Hyperdrive, BrowserUse and more

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **lead gen for founders & searchers looking to connect with small business owners looking to sell**

- 💬 Ask me about **how to sell a technical product and drive consumption**

- 📫 How to reach me **rskovron@gmail.com**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/microsoft_azure/microsoft_azure-icon.svg" alt="azure" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://bulma.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gilbarbara/logos/804dc257b59e144eaca5bc6ffd16949752c6f789/logos/bulma.svg" alt="bulma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flask.palletsprojects.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pocoo_flask/pocoo_flask-icon.svg" alt="flask" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://redis.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redis/redis-original-wordmark.svg" alt="redis" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.selenium.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/detain/svg-logos/780f25886640cef088af994181646db2f6b1a3f8/svg/selenium-logo.svg" alt="selenium" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.sqlite.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/sqlite/sqlite-icon.svg" alt="sqlite" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=rafskov&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="rafskov" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=rafskov&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="rafskov" /></p>
